Now we will discuss what exactly text substitution is and how does it look so text substitution happen
in Sourcefire?
Want us to find the file with the extension of doxie and DOT.
CPB are the source while so text substitution happens in source file, which is being compiled by the
compiler compiler before it actually commence the compiling of the source file.
It performs text substitution.
Now, this point is actually very important.
First of all, remember that text substitution happens in source file.
Text substitution do not happen in the file compiler make use of the file in order to perform text substitution
and source file.
And second point says that before the compiler actually starts compiling the source file, compiler
actually performs the text substitution in the source file that is being compiled.
Now, this text substitution is actually accomplished by two pre processing directives.
The first pre processing directive is has to include and the second preprocessing directive is has defined.
So remember, in C or C++, any statement to start with hash is actually called preprocessing directive.
Why it is called pre processing.
It is called pre processing because these statements are executed before actually the compiler starts
compiling the source file.
Now, as we know, that has include preprocessing directive is used to include the head of PIN in the
source file.
So these two points actually tells that how hash include preprocessing directive rules.
So in your source file, if you have a statement, hash include a dot.
And then this statement is replaced by the contents of a dot.
S had a file in that source file.
Similarly, if contents of a DOT s had to file intown contains another hash, include statements than
these nested hash include, the statement is again replaced by the content of that corresponding had
the file in that particular source file.
So don't worry, if you will, going to see how it happens with the help of an example now coming to
the has defined preprocessing directive that has defined preprocessing directive is used to actually
define the macro's.
For example, here we have a very simple macro in which we define the statement Square X as the multiplication
of two X values.
So in your source file, whatever have you written, this square acts as a statement that square X calls
will be texturally substituted by the definition of the macro that is X into X and all the places in
a source file.
So here I actually expect you that you are familiar with has to find preprocessing detective.
Now let us see how hash include and has defined preprocessing detectives actually work in the text substitution
phase with the help of an example.